it was going on YouTube who knows shake
here I just picked up my brand new bet
super pearl cast net from a Walmart this
is 8 foot 3/16 inch mesh this is the
smallest mesh that a cast net comes in
and this is my first 3/16 mesh as well I
got this cousin one for sometimes a is a
little bit too big for the smaller bait
fish so about this it was about a
hundred and fifty dollars and tax came
out to like 160 and bets make them and I
know like taco makes them fit it makes
them but they're all cheap so I went
with bets because I had a few in the
past and is go ahead and open it up
captain it up see that you can see that
alright
oh nice what it looks like and you got
your bets information guide things shows
all the specs
I'm guessing it's like 1.3 pounds of
blood per foot at the 1/4 mission yeah
but that there DVD offers this is what
this is and it's open it
hi so I'm really excited get this nut
like I said it's my first 3/16 inch mesh
net and this is the smallest to come in
and the bets they really make good
quality Nets
the other 3/16 net makers or I know
FIDIC makes them taco makes them as well
but Finnick ones so they suck at the
ropes they use they kind of a this part
right here rust and this just like snaps
off lost like two nuts like that we're
good quality I always recommend bets
pricing is you know not too expensive
not too cheap either but so small the
meshes this is a this is your go-to net
for a glass minnows because the 1/4 inch
meshes are too big
oh yeah thanks for watching
gone fishing tomorrow morning so
hopefully I'll get some footage show you
guys how they snap performs and yeah
awesome
thanks for watching teach